bear is the super of a slum. His dad owns it and gave bear the job.
he starts in his apartment goes immediately to hg tries and buys coke, hgs trunk is locked, cant find his keys
you have to go around and go apartment to apartment doing favors for them to progress
after you get the keys go to hg, unlock the trunk. bears head is just sitting in a rubbermaid, hg picks up the head and the cokes under the head.
you then go back, sprinkle the blow on the body, it becomes the drug squads problem.
have an option to arrest hg for the murder of bear (how do we handle this?)

Bear is the murder victim, every apartment has a message from bear asking to hangout with something that he was supposed to do for them (fixing the toilet etc)
the rooms stay stagnent until an 'event' occurs -> you get an object or talk to a critical person, then the dialog changes/items change etc.

you have to get hgs keys -> when you get the keys and go to the pontiac its been towed. Highlight the stte of the car and that it hasnt moved in years. You then have to get a steak, wire cutters and a tow driver. You just put the beat ass car back in the grooves the tires have sunk into over the years. you give the items to hg he gets the car.

you need to get a new hammer for hg, talk to 6$ and you need to get evidence on him to extort money from him. got to robot to get him to run a scan. robot wants the old foot in a boot. old lady wants a date w/ jfk. talk to jfk, long talk to do ALL the jokes. 'ask naught if I can get to 1st base butt rather how she feels about ass play" "response: she's all about the bum.". 

After the car get towed he goes home grabbing a sixer of shaefer on his way back. (emphasis on this being his everyday behavior) 

What kind of favors?
items?
why did hg kill bear?
what are the special items? keys, coke, favor items

Structure:
The game stays static in each stage, there is a stage variable that is referenced in the mysql calls that sets this. Within a given stage a character that interacts (i.e. a special event occurs) has a 'completed' state.

As the game loops there needs to be a stage test, which goes through our inventory and decides if the stage has incimented
When the stage changes all the characters are referenced with that stage which binds their attributes

When you get a critical item or you enter a critical event happens, the stage incriments -> makes the game linear, but whatever

Game Events:
1) M
