Background:

Bear is the super of a slum. His dad owns it and gave bear the job. He has been found dead in the Kodiak Apartments in the Bowery and Buck is on the case.
Bear is the murder victim, every apartment has a message from bear asking to hangout with something that he was supposed to do for them (fixing the toilet etc)

Game Play:

you have to go around and go apartment to apartment doing favors for them to progress
the rooms stay stagnent until an 'event' occurs -> you get an object or talk to a critical person, then the dialog changes/items change etc.
 the canadian always has the tips for the current stage

Story:
Starting Cut Scene
Stage 0:
	Buck starts in his apartment and can't leave until he checks his phone messages. (check messages)
Cut Scene
Stage 1:
	The Apartments are now accessible and he must go to the murder scene and talk to the Canadian who reveals himself as the help (talk to canadian)
Stage 2:
	Go room to room and talk to everyone, kill Guy Fieri. (1 stage for each character, nothing changes in between)
Cut Scene: Guy Fieri killing
Stage 3:
	Home Depot opens as an option. Got to hg, try and buys coke, hgs trunk is locked, cant find his keys (talk to hg)
Stage 4:
	Search the murder scene and find car keys there (get keys)
Stage 5:
	Go back to hg, the pontiac has been towed. Highlight the state of the car and that it hasnt moved in years.  (talk to hg)
Cut Scene:
	After the car get towed he goes home grabbing a sixer of shaefer on his way back. (emphasis on this being his everyday behavior)
Stage 6:
	Talk to ? How does the string of favours unravel? You then have to get a steak, wire cutters and a tow driver. You need to get a new hammer for hg, talk to 6$ and you need to get evidence on him to extort money from him. got to robot to get him to run a scan. robot wants the old foot in a boot. old lady wants a date w/ jfk. talk to jfk, long talk to do ALL the jokes. 'ask naught if I can get to 1st base butt rather how she feels about ass play" "response: she's all about the bum.".
Cut Scene: Busting the car out, "A single tear rolls down your cheek watching the carnage, extinguishing"
Stage 7:
	Get hgs car back. You just put the beat ass car back in the grooves the tires have sunk into over the years. (Talk to HG)
Cut Scene:
	Open trunk, Bears head is just sitting in a rubbermaid, hg picks up the head and the cokes under the head. (Cut scene ends)
Stage 8:
	Go to murder sprinkle the blow on the body, it becomes the drug squads problem. (enter murder scene)
Cut Scene:
	You sprinkling blow on the body
Cut Scene:
	Have an option to arrest hg for the murder of bear, but its been taken off your hands, so who are you to complain?


-> find $4 in the couch cusions in all the apartments ->
-> Have to get a steak, pipe wrench, blow torch, and a homemade zip gun	-> Go get the other 4 dollars from 6 dollar man
	You get the information on six dollar man from computer.

Add cut scenes, add event triggering on current room code

Beefarino, for the man that's given up (Marketing poster for inspecting beefarino)

As you unholster the greasy tarnished M1911 you see the look of exceptance in Six Dollar's eyes. He embraces the sweet release of death, you reholster your gun, who are you to give such satisfaction?
